com/example/chatter/Adapters/UsersAdapter.java
 com.example.chatter.Adapters.UsersAdapter
 com.example.chatter.Adapters.UsersAdapter$1
 com.example.chatter.Adapters.UsersAdapter$2
com/example/chatter/Activities/PhoneNumberActivity.java
 com.example.chatter.Activities.PhoneNumberActivity
 com.example.chatter.Activities.PhoneNumberActivity$1
com/example/chatter/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.chatter.BuildConfig
com/example/chatter/Models/Message.java
 com.example.chatter.Models.Message
com/example/chatter/Activities/SetupProfileActivity.java
 com.example.chatter.Activities.SetupProfileActivity
 com.example.chatter.Activities.SetupProfileActivity$1
 com.example.chatter.Activities.SetupProfileActivity$2
 com.example.chatter.Activities.SetupProfileActivity$2$1
 com.example.chatter.Activities.SetupProfileActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.chatter.Activities.SetupProfileActivity$2$1$1$1
 com.example.chatter.Activities.SetupProfileActivity$2$2
com/example/chatter/Adapters/UsersViewHolder.java
 com.example.chatter.Adapters.UsersViewHolder
org/jetbrains/annotations/NotNull.java
 org.jetbrains.annotations.NotNull
com/example/chatter/databinding/ActivityPhoneNumberBinding.java
 com.example.chatter.databinding.ActivityPhoneNumberBinding
com/example/chatter/databinding/RowConversationBinding.java
 com.example.chatter.databinding.RowConversationBinding
com/example/chatter/Models/User.java
 com.example.chatter.Models.User
com/example/chatter/databinding/ItemStatusBinding.java
 com.example.chatter.databinding.ItemStatusBinding
com/example/chatter/Adapters/MessageAdapters.java
 com.example.chatter.Adapters.MessageAdapters
 com.example.chatter.Adapters.MessageAdapters$1
 com.example.chatter.Adapters.MessageAdapters$2
 com.example.chatter.Adapters.MessageAdapters$ReceiverViewHolder
 com.example.chatter.Adapters.MessageAdapters$SentViewHolder
com/example/chatter/Activities/OTPActivity.java
 com.example.chatter.Activities.OTPActivity
 com.example.chatter.Activities.OTPActivity$1
 com.example.chatter.Activities.OTPActivity$2
 com.example.chatter.Activities.OTPActivity$2$1
com/example/chatter/databinding/ActivityChatBinding.java
 com.example.chatter.databinding.ActivityChatBinding
com/example/chatter/databinding/ItemSentBinding.java
 com.example.chatter.databinding.ItemSentBinding
com/example/chatter/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.chatter.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/chatter/Activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.chatter.Activities.MainActivity
 com.example.chatter.Activities.MainActivity$1
com/example/chatter/databinding/ActivitySetupProfileBinding.java
 com.example.chatter.databinding.ActivitySetupProfileBinding
com/example/chatter/Activities/ChatActivity.java
 com.example.chatter.Activities.ChatActivity
 com.example.chatter.Activities.ChatActivity$1
 com.example.chatter.Activities.ChatActivity$2
 com.example.chatter.Activities.ChatActivity$2$1
 com.example.chatter.Activities.ChatActivity$2$1$1
com/example/chatter/databinding/ItemReceiveBinding.java
 com.example.chatter.databinding.ItemReceiveBinding
com/example/chatter/databinding/ActivityOtpactivityBinding.java
 com.example.chatter.databinding.ActivityOtpactivityBinding
